Lucian’s Pedagogy
Writing Sentences By Making Distinctions Between Objects (The Pedagogical Ways of Thinking)

The first aim of this website is to help students write sentences by making distinctions between objects. 

I recommend you read the following pages:

1. Details - As an exercise, think of two uses, a future use and two types for each object.
2. Breasoning - Think of the x, y, z dimensions and colour of each object.
3. Rebreasoning - Think of the fact that the person and the object in a sentence are connected by a verb (an action) that means they touch.
4. Breathsoning - Think of a reason that the object is good.
5. Rebreathsoning - Think of a reason that the verb (action) is done well.
6. Space - Think of spatial characteristics of the person in relation to the object.
7. Time - Think of temporal characteristics of the person in relation to the object.
8. God Algorithm - Initialise your ability to hone breasonings for H1s.
9. Professor Algorithm - Use your ability to hone breasonings for H1s.
Ideas
The following ideas should be represented in high quality work.

1. Two uses
a->b, a->c
Include two uses or ideas about an idea from your essay. For example, John (0.5m, 0.3m, 1.8m) ate an apple (0.6m, 0.6m, 0.6m) has the two uses John (see previous dimensions) planted the seed (0.005m, 0.0025m, 0.0025m) and John stepped over the line (0.5m, 0.01m, 0.0001m).

2. Future
a->b
Think about how one of your ideas relates to the future. For example, a student should learn to read a sign (0.3m, 0.6m, 2m) so he can step over a crack (0.5m, 0.01m, 0.005m).

3. Two types
a->b, c->b
Think about how two objects are co-ordinated in relation to each other. For example, Luke ate the wheat biscuit (0.1m, 0.05m, 0.01m), which was softened by milk, which was constituted by the wheat biscuit (0.1m, 0.05m, 0.01m) and the glass of milk (0.05m, 0.05m, 0.15m).


Breasoning
Pray for the breasoning, then think of the x, y and z dimensions, and the colour of each object (their "breasonings").

 

When you think of the object's properties, you will think of the object's specific name.

See also Professor Algorithm - Use your ability to hone breasonings for H1s.

Creating original philosophy with help only from God: Also, to visualise imagery of a quality necessary to God, think of objects that appear normally, as part of an argument, inside a square.  There are sub squares for the verb for the object, uses and algorithmic objects for use with the object.

Be God: In addition, this square is necessary to think of with you as God.



Rebreasoning
There should be a chain of breasoned objects interacting to ensure the flow of the essay or story. Think of the way two objects touch when they are mentioned together.
a. Think of the fact the two objects touch.
b. Do either of the objects change size?
c. Do either of the objects change colour?
These are known as the "rebreasoning" rules.

 
where apple = 6x6x6 cm

When you think of the action's properties, you will think of the action's specific name.


Breathsoning
Think of an adjective (a "breathsoning"), which is a human judgement for each noun. For example, describe an apple as "delicious".


 


where apple = 6x6x6 cm

Rebreathsoning
Think of an adverb (called a "rebreathsoning"), which is a human judgement for each verb. For example, describe "John ate the apple" (6x6x6 cm) with "ravenously".


 


Space
a. Which room is the proposition set in?

 where dining room = 10x5x5 m

b. Which part of the room is it set in?

 where chair = 0.5x0.5x0.5 m



c. Which direction is the person facing?


 
where dinner plate = 20x20x5 cm


Time
a. What happened before the event?

 
where apple = 6x6x6 cm, shopping bag = 30x10x40 cm.
b. How long will the event take?

 
where apple = 6x6x6 cm
c. What will happen after the event?


 
where apple core = 1x1x6 cm, bin = 20x20x20 cm

God Algorithm

To breason out an A, that can be an 80%, 90% or 100% for 85, 130 or 190 breasonings respectively:
1. Spiritually "turn off" the following, meaning it is protected.
2. Spiritually "play" 3 previously breasoned out As (done using Lucian Green's Anarchy Quiz – see Appendix 1) to Cosmology (meaning that it is protected).
3. Breason out the object by thinking of its x, y and z dimensions.
4. Spiritually place a Lucian doll on the left side of a stage with you behind it, looking at the object.
5. Move Lucian to the right, to a mother doll, to forget the object.
6. Imagine the object is replaced with a counter.  Move Lucian to the left, to recognise that it is divine, and spiritually listen to him saying a three line prayer.
7. To help the counter and it's seen as version to move forward in a straight line, say "It is a line", then say "It is the same", then repeat the three prayer points, "I love you", "I love you dearly" and "I love you forever".  This step "dots on" the breasoning in a "high quality way".

Professor Algorithm

The "Professor Algorithm" is different from the "God Algorithm" even though it is an alternative to it because it allows working out the way of thinking (including the verb), not just the object the verb is performed on.
 
1a. "Find out" an A (agreeing) way of thinking after thinking of a "blue eater that moves in the x direction" (that comes from the most general perspective Darwinism applied to Pedagogy, i.e. one moves in the x direction to eat).

The way to use this is:


- The first step in “dotting” anything on requires thinking of a professor thinking of a pathway for a breasoning (an action on an object) in relation to that object, where a certain number of breasonings form part of an A-grade argument, by moving a cotton swab along a pathway from inside a clean, dry test tube.
- Pretend the cotton part of the test tube system is the object to be breasoned out.
- Breason out the object (visualise it as being measured by the dimensions x m, y m, z m).
- As part of visualising the breasoning, pretend to remove the blue dots from the ground below the object to make sure the object is “pure” by “asking” that the dots should to be removed, then checking that this is done.
- This removal of impurities can also be done while pretending to untouch a foam blue strip from another strip, meaning the dots are “lifted” away.
- Take the object “off” it’s “on” status by repeating the untouching step, this time to remove it from view.

Appendix 1

Anarchy Quiz

Earn A in 85 questions. Use the A you earn to earn A in an assignment (search for Lucian Green breasoning list or Lucian Green BR in Google for more breasoning lists), to have a healthy baby or use 50 As to earn a job.
You still have to do the work, and there are no guarantees.

For these questions, do not check any previous answers before answering, and do not submit the same set of answers twice or more for different purposes. 

     1.  What is the reason you would like to complete this quiz?

This seen-as essay will be breasoned out by you (you will be asked for the x, y and z dimensions of each object from a short sentence about the army, originally the argument for my essay on anarchy, which I wrote a pop-song about.

NB: Before breasoning out each of the following objects (thinking of their x, y and z dimensions) pray for the breasoning.

EXPOSITION:

1.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "cup" in "The soldier cleaned himself with a cup of water"?

2.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "bottle" in "The soldier drank a bottle of apple juice"?

3.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "apple" in "The soldier put an apple in his lunch-box"?

4.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "periscope" in "The soldier looked at the stand through the periscope"?

5.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "pear" in "The soldier ate a pear with the friend he found on the Internet"?

CRITIQUE:

6.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "brick" in "The soldier stood on a brick, which was like a wall"?

7.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "log" in "The soldier stepped over the log"?

8.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "flag" in "The soldier found a flag"?

9.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "bun" in "The soldier ate a bun, which he had bartered for"?

10.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "plant" in "The soldier watered the plant, after moving it"?

DETAILED REASONING:

11.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "tofu" in "The soldier ate tofu"?

12.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "garbage bag" in "The soldier moved the garbage bag"?

13.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "nuts" in "The soldier chewed nuts at the theatre"?

14.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "processed cheese" in "The soldier bit processed cheese"?

15.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "cup" in "The soldier swallowed a cup of grape juice"?

16.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "roll" in "The soldier ate a roll with vegan cheese"?

17.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "peanut" in "The soldier nipped a peanut"?

18.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "nectarine" in "The soldier munched a nectarine"?

19.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "sugar" in "The soldier packed sugar in his bag"?

20.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "ball" in "The soldier threw a ball in the air"?

21.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "banana" in "The soldier peeled the banana"?

22.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "orange" in "The soldier squeezed the orange"?

23.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "mandarin" in "The soldier removed a segment from a mandarin"?

24.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "bra" in "The soldier made a bra"?

25.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "stand" in "The soldier jumped to touch the top of the stand"?

26.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "ring" in "The soldier wore a ring"?

27.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "watering container" in "The soldier watered the apricot tree with the watering container"?

28.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "base" in "The soldier placed the base on the flat ground"?

29.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "abdominal muscle exerciser" in "The soldier exercised his abdominal muscles with the abdominal muscle exerciser"?

30.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "flask" in "The soldier gargled water from his flask"?

31.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "dried fig" in "The soldier chewed the dried fig"?

32.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "shorts" in "The soldier ran on the spot in shorts"?

33.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "two sticks" in "The soldier jumped over two sticks"?

34.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "hoop" in "The soldier swung the hoop around his waist"?

35.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "glass" in "The soldier drank a glass of water"?

MIND MAP:

36.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "bible" in "The army chaplain distributed the bibles"?

37.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "wood" in "The soldier cut the wood into skirting boards"?

38.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "stretcher" in "The soldier lied down on the stretcher"?

39.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "locker" in "The soldier found the correct locker"?

40.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "carrot" in the sentence "The soldier ate the carrot to check it was healthy"?

41.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "seat" in the sentence "The soldier sat on the seat to check it was stable"?

42.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "salt" in the sentence "The soldier salted the onion"?

43.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "name badge" in the sentence "The soldier found his name badge"?

44.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "drum" in the sentence "The soldier beat a regular rhythm on the drum"?

45.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "bow" in the sentence "The soldier stayed balanced when aiming the arrow at the target with the bow"?

46.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "crotchet" in the sentence "The soldier moved the crotchet forward one beat of the musical bar"?

47.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "money" in the sentence "The soldier labelled the money to take home"?

48.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "celery" in the sentence "The soldier fed the kangaroo the celery"?

49.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "balloon" in the sentence "The soldier blew up a balloon"?

50.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "corn" in the sentence "The soldier ate the corn"?

51.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "towel" in the sentence "The soldier towelled himself dry"?

52.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "playing card" in the sentence "The soldier placed the playing card on the table"?

53.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "tea cup" in the sentence "The soldier drank tea from the tea cup"?

54.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "stick" in the sentence "The soldier moved the stick off the road"?

55.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "label" in the sentence "The soldier read the label"?

56.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "pole" in the sentence "The soldier stood straight against the pole"?

57.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "pupil" in the sentence "The soldier looked at the girl's pupil"?

58.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "face" in the sentence "The soldier looked at the boy's face"?

59.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "number" in the sentence "The soldier wrote the table number on the vegemite"?

60.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "ladder" in the sentence "The soldier like his friend because his friend was able to climb a ladder"?

61.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "tea towel" in the sentence "The soldier folded the tea towel until it was hand sized"?

62.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "cow" in the sentence "The soldier counted the number of times the cow mooed"?

63.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "glasses" in the sentence "The soldier opened a shape book at the page for science and looked at the illustration of the glasses"?

64.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "mitochondrion" in the sentence "The soldier examined the model mitochondrion"?

65.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "candle" in the sentence "The soldier lit a candle at church"?

66.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "birth schedule" in the sentence "The soldier displayed the birth schedule"?

67.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "staff timetable" in the sentence "The soldier wrote the staff timetable"?

68.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "room timetable" in the sentence "The soldier read the room timetable"?

69.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "couch" in the sentence "The soldier sat on the couch"?

70.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "pencil case" in the sentence "The soldier put a pencil in the pencil case"?

71.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "hole puncher" in the sentence "The soldier punched holes in the paper with the hole puncher"?

72.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "water container" in the sentence "The soldier took the water container with him for his hike"?

73.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "pen" in the sentence "The soldier returned his friend's pen to his friend"?

74.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "two pieces of paper" in the sentence "The soldier wrote what he will do and said he will do on the two pieces of paper, respectively"?

75.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "piece of paper" in the sentence "The soldier wrote five reasons to do a job in his company on a piece of paper"?

76.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "tambourine" in the sentence "The soldier made a model of a tambourine"?

77.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "friend" in the sentence "The soldier found the friend of his who mentioned the same key phrase as him"?

78.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "three friends" in the sentence "The soldier found two other friends, each of whom said the same key phrase as another one in the group"?

79.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "objects" in the sentence "The soldier found objects representing what he and his three friends had said they needed together"?

80.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "the library" in the sentence "The soldier checked the random place: the library"?

81.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "the conference room" in the sentence "The soldier checked the conference room, in the library"?

82.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "the encyclopaedia" in the sentence "The soldier read an article in the encyclopaedia to read widely"?

83.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "the blank book" in the sentence "The soldier wrote his own encyclopaedia article in the blank book"?

84.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "wheat biscuits" in the sentence "The soldier moistened wheat biscuits after he answered a girl friend's call"?

85.	What are the x, y and z dimensions in metres of "glove" in the sentence "The soldier inserted his hand in his glove"?



